An integer exponent is easy, just add that many dimensions. Squares, cubes, etc.
Take the volume. Why do we need this? What are common analogues?

But what is half a dimension? What analogies can we use for this? What should
the graph between 2^2 and 2^3 look like?

We can talk maybe about fractional powers. Take a square, take a root. Then we
can say e^pi is 3^(3 + .1414) e^3 * e^.14141 (why should this be true?). Bad
example, pick something rational.

Then, once we have rational exponents, we can say that the irrational is just
the closest rational. This is a very common thing to do when talking about the
real numbers. Just take the limit as you approach some value, and prove that the
limit exists, using epsilon delta stuff.

It's never right, though. You might feel bad about defining the real numbers in
terms of limits. I think it's ok, though, because real numbers, aren't well,
real. All models are wrong, some are useful. Even the numbers. Integers are a
model, and they're wrong (we can't actually count atoms. You're assuming all
your stones are exactly the same, but they're not. If you weigh 10 stones on one
side and 10 on the other, they won't weigh *exactly* the same. That's ok though,
because counting is good enough. We usually choose to count things that the
abstraction is good enough for (sheep etc.)).

Real numbers are a model, and they are also wrong. We assume that any length we
want to talk about should exist. This is basically the axiom of completeness. It
comes from an age old puzzle about the sqrt of 2. Imagine a right triangle,
whose sides are both length 1. What is the length of the hypotenuse? Well, sqrt
of 2. But back then, they didn't know how to find a number that equaled the sqrt
of 2. In fact, there was a proof that proved you can't represent sqrt 2 as a
rational fraction.

The solution? Basically they said, "screw it. We know this hypotenuse of the
triangle exists, so sqrt 2 ought to also exist. So we're just going to assume it
exists (axiom of completeness) and define sqrt 2 as the closest rational we can
find."

They operationalized this using limits and stuff, but I won't get into the details?

But, again, this is just an abstraction. The truth is, the hypotenuse of the
triangle doesn't always exists. The world is made out of discrete atoms and
molecules and stuff. Try to find a right triangle whose sides are each 1 nm
long. I dare you. (Atoms are usually bigger than 1 nm). They probably won't fit
together right. Time might not even be continuous.

But it makes our lives easier to always assume you can keep slicing things into
smaller and smaller parts. Everything becomes a little more beautiful (and ignorant).

So, exponents to irrational numbers? Half a dimension? Kind of feels like
bullshit, right? Maybe. But it's beautiful bullshit, so whatever.